---
layout: page
title: Josh Priddle
permalink: /resume/
skills:
- API Integration
- AWS
- awk
- Apache
- Asterisk
- BDD
- Bash Scripting
- CSS
- Capybara
- CentOS
- Chef
- CoffeeScript
- Command Line
- Customer Service
- Git
- GitHub
- GitHub Pages
- JavaScript
- Jekyll
- Let's Encrypt
- Linux
- macOS
- Meta-programming
- MiniTest
- MySQL
- NGINX
- PHP
- PHPUnit
- Payment Gateway Integration
- PostgreSQL
- RSpec
- Rack
- Rails Engines
- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- RubyGem Development
- sed
- SCSS (Sass)
- Scrum
- Sidekiq
- Sinatra
- Technical Support
- Troubleshooting
- Twitter Bootstrap
- Ubuntu
- Unit Testing
- Vagrant
- Vim
- Vim Plugin Development
- VoIP
- WP-CLI
- Web Hosting
- WordPress
- WordPress Plugin Development
---

I'm Josh, a full-stack developer and leader with 20 years of experience in the
web hosting space. I love the challenge of taking an idea and creating
something out of nothing. Over the years, I've built SaaS platforms, control
panels, and billing systems that serve hundreds of thousands of customers and
websites. I'm passionate about API design and integration, and I have deep
experience with Linux systems administration. I thrive on remote, agile teams
where I can help guide technical decisions and mentor other developers.

---

## Work Experience

### Director of Software Development --- BuiltFast, LCC (Remote)

May 2025 - Present

Lead the architecture and development of a comprehensive web hosting
management platform serving as the backbone for a modern hosting provider.
Design multi-tenant Laravel 12 API applications supporting shared hosting,
VPS, and managed WordPress services with automated provisioning and billing
integration. Guide development team through complex technical decisions,
establishing security-first architecture with strict account-level data
isolation, robust authentication, and real-time webhook processing. Enforce
high code quality standards using static analysis, comprehensive testing with
PestPHP, and modern PHP 8.3+ practices to deliver a production-ready platform
designed for scale.

---

### Director of Software Development --- A2 Hosting, Inc (Remote)

Aug 2019 - Apr 2025

Led the software development team responsible for maintaining the customer
billing system and control panels servicing over 110,000 clients and 385,000
WordPress sites. Spearheaded architecture, design, and development of custom
Laravel PHP applications TurboHub, a control panel for managing WordPress
websites on over 5,000 remote machines using WP-CLI, RabbitMQ, and Bash; and
GoCart, a custom shopping cart powered by custom WHMCS APIs. Worked directly
with the executive team to plan, architect, and execute all company-wide
software projects via scrum. Utilized PHP, Laravel, MySQL, JavaScript, and
Bash. Promoted from Sr. Software Developer to Director in Feb 2020.

---

### Senior Developer --- Envato Pty Ltd. (Remote)

Jul 2017 - Aug 2019

Worked with Site Reliability Engineering team to maintain performance and
security on ThemeForest.net, one of the world's largest Ruby on Rails sites by
traffic. Duties included implementing bug-fixes, performance improvements,
regular platform and dependency updates, responding to on-call issues, and
general support. Implemented internal tooling for on-call rotations using
PagerDuty and AWS Lambda. Utilized Ruby on Rails, Bash, and AWS (EC2,
CloudFormation, S3, RDS, Lambda).

---

### Senior Software Engineer --- Pressed Platform, Inc (Remote)

Jul 2015 - Jul 2017


Worked with executive team and developers on planning, development, QA, and
release of new features for our Ruby on Rails based billing and WordPress
hosting platforms via scrum. Led architecture, design, and development of
Pressed Bundles, a key feature that allowed partner WordPress agencies to
configure and automatically install their themes and plugins for their
clients. Oversaw all development and migration efforts to move payment
processors from Litle/Vantiv to Braintree across all partner order forms.
Interviewed and onboarded new developers. Frequently contributed to open
source Ruby, Bash, and PHP projects used by Pressed engineers and the greater
WordPress community. Pressed was acquired by Envato in September 2017.

---

### Software Engineer --- World Wide Web Hosting, LLC (Remote)

May 2011 - Jul 2015

Worked with the software engineering team to build and maintain several
internally used systems for staff and customers to manage web hosting
services. Was responsible for maintenance and new features implemented for our
legacy billing system, Synco, and its replacement, Helix. Oversaw the
successful migration of several thousand customers from WHMCS systems into
Helix. Regularly assisted other engineers with on-boarding and code reviews.
Was the project lead for our Website.me product and oversaw its initial
development and deployment. Frequently contributed to and helped manage our
open source projects on GitHub.

---

### Software Engineer --- HostRocket.com, Inc (Clifton Park, NY)

Dec 2008 - May 2011

Led development for several key projects for ViaTalk and DotBlock (both
subsidiaries of HostRocket). Implemented ViaTalk PBX, the web application
responsible for handling hundreds of daily support calls for all HostRocket
companies. Was responsible for maintenance and security updates for the
ViaTalk customer/staff control panel; the web application powering
Ennouncement.com; the external order form used for DotBlock; and DotBlock's v1
iPhone application.

---

## Skills

{{ page.skills | join: ", " }}
